blog: building a browser using Servo as a web engine (#171)
servo/servo.org: _posts/2024-09-10-building-browser.md

This could potentially lead to race conditions where a webview may draw to the wrong window for a split second.

There are also different OpenGL versions across multiple platforms, which can be challenging to configure and link.
Verso is experimenting with using [Glutin](https://docs.rs/glutin/latest/glutin/) for better configuration and attempting to get closer to the general Rust ecosystem.

## What’s next?

With multi-view and multi-window support as the fundamental building blocks, we could create more UI elements to keep pushing the envelope of our browser and embedding research.
At the same time, Servo is a huge project, with many potential improvements still to come, so we want to reflect on our progress and decide on our priorities.
Here are some directions that are worth pursuing.

### Benchmarking and metrics

We want to gather the strength of the community to help us clear out the statistics of supported CSS properties and web APIs in Servo by [popularity order](https://chromestatus.com/metrics/css/popularity) and benchmark results such as jetstream2 and speedometer3.

> [@sagudev](https://github.com/sagudev) already started [a subset of speedometer3](https://speedometer-9x8.pages.dev/) to experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@sagudev](https://github.com/sagudev) already started [a subset of speedometer3](https://servospeedometer.netlify.app/) to experiment.
```
as this is the url we use in mach: https://github.com/servo/servo/blob/6d6cd0f2dc395dc8dd50a0df1b54bee48d9b1ae6/python/servo/testing_commands.py#L530
